[docs] Removing broken hyperlink (#17930)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/splash-screens.md

### Make a splash image

> The iOS Human Interface Guidelines list the static launch image sizes. I'll go with `1242` pixels wide and `2436` pixels tall -- this is the width of the iPhone 8 Plus (the widest iPhone) and the height of the iPhone X (the tallest iPhone). Expo will resize the image for you depending on the size of the device, and we can specify the strategy used to resize the image with `splash.resizeMode`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [iOS Human Interface Guidelines](https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/foundations/layout#specifications) list the devices screen sizes. I'll go with `1242` pixels wide and `2436` pixels tall -- this is the width of the iPhone 8 Plus (the widest iPhone at the moment of writing) and the height of the iPhone X (the tallest iPhone at the moment of writing). Expo will resize the image for you depending on the size of the device, and we can specify the strategy used to resize the image with `splash.resizeMode`.
```

Let's use the suggested in the issue link, since guide author has purposefully chosen sizes from two different devices, and adjust the annotations to clarify the authors intent without altering the image size itself. 🙂
